Document the extended project resource quotas (#2175)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/manage-projects/manage-project-resource-quotas/manage-project-resource-quotas.md

1. Click **Create**.

**Result:** The resource quota is applied to your project and namespaces. When you add more namespaces in the future, Rancher validates that the project can accommodate the namespace. If the project can't allocate the resources, you may still create namespaces, but they will be given a resource quota of 0. Subsequently, Rancher will not allow you to create any resources restricted by this quota.

### Advanced: Beyond the basic Resource Quotas

> The set of resource quotas directly available through **Edit Config** is quite basic. For quotas outside of that set it is necessary to use the `Extended` field. This field is currently only available through the **Edit Yaml** action.

Reviewer: I think there is UI work happening as well to allow this to be edited via the config. In that case maybe we should wait to make this doc change until that happens?

```suggestion
The set of resource quotas directly available through **Edit Config** is limited. For quotas outside of that set it is necessary to use the `Extended` field. This field is currently only available through the **Edit Yaml** action.
```

Author: See commit 3ce049f48abd40a3ae2543467f655147c20a1561
